[MUSIC PLAYING]
Chrome 45 is rolling out now.
There's new ATMOS script 2015
functionality, improvements
to app install banners,
and a new security
feature to ensure that no one
is messing with your code.
From the Empire Hotel
in New York City,
let's take a look at
what's new in Chrome.
Over the past year, we've added
a number of new JavaScript
features, defined in the ATMOS
script 2015 specification,
formerly known as ES6.
In Chrome 45, we've added
support for arrow functions.
Beyond the shorter
syntax, they eliminate
the need for dot
bind or the var self
equals this hack necessary
for anonymous functions,
because they lexically
bind the this value.
Arrow functions may take
some getting used to,
but once you've
played with them,
they become second nature.
Jason Orendorff
has a detailed post
on arrow functions
on hacks.Mozilla.org.
You can find the link in
the description below.
There are new methods
on the array object,
like from, of,
fill, find, and find
index, that make dealing
with arrays much easier.
On Android, you can now defer
the add to the home screen
banner and show it at a
more convenient time, when
it doesn't interrupt
the application flow.
Simply prevent
the default action
by calling preventDefault on
the before install prompt event
and save a reference
to the event for later.
Then, when you're
ready, re-trigger
the prompt by calling
prompt on the stored event.
We've also added the ability
to install native apps,
directly from your site.
It works in much the same
way as add to home screen.
Your site needs to
be served over HTTPS,
have a web app manifest file
that includes information
about your native app.
Then, if a user visits your site
at least twice over a two week
period, they'll see the banner.
Check the link in
the description
below for full details.
Oh, perfect.
Could I get the
fruit cup please?
Awesome.
To help protect users,
sub-resource integrity
provides a mechanism
for the browser
to verify that a
fetch resource has
been delivered without
unexpected manipulation.
You can use this to mitigate
the risk of a compromised server
or ensure that only carefully
reviewed third party code
is executed.
This helps to ensure that the
expected resource is used,
not just any resource that
lives at a particular URL.
The current spec
and implementation
covers only script and link
rel equals stylesheet elements.
Once the file has
been retrieved,
the browser compares
the hash of the file
to the hash provided
by the integrity
attribute of the element.
If the hashes don't match,
the browser won't use it.
Oh, perfect!
Hey, this isn't what I ordered.
Oh, well.
To learn more about
sub resource integrity,
check out the link and samples
in the description below.
These are just a few of the
new features in Chrome 45
for developers.
You can get more details
in the links below.
I'm Pete LePage and as soon
as Chrome 46 is released,
I'll be right here to tell
you what's new in Chrome.
But for now, it's time to grab
a drink and sit by the pool.
[MSUCI PLAYING]